the female standing over the baby is
behaving strangely
but she's not the calf's mother her name
is a tamale she is an orphan from the
elephant transit home
[Music]
she's trying to shove the calf's mother
out of the way
it seems she wants the baby for herself
[Music]
not surprisingly the mother isn't happy
there's real danger here with all the
shoving the calf could be injured
[Music]
the calf's grandmother leads the baby
aside the females will have to sort this
out for themselves
[Music]
this very unusual behavior is rarely
witnessed African elephants sometimes
kidnap a car from another family as a
display of dominance this is different
[Music]
and almost certainly this is a direct
result of a tamales wolfin upbringing
[Music]
the biggest shock is the fight's outcome
the mother losses that creates a serious
problem the calf is too young to know
any better but it's now following a
tamale
instead of its mother
a tamale has no milk the baby could
starve why did she even steal it in the
first place
in the elephant transit home where
Arthur Mali grew up none of the
elephants have parents instead the older
orphans take the younger elephants under
their wing
[Music]
to a tamale this isn't stealing it's
sharing and caring
her intentions may be good but the
outcome could be disastrous
you